in the first half of the thirties one
of the best in the world
he was considered soviet heavy
bomber
flight combat characteristics of this
were at the level of the best samples
the plane was considered reliable and simple
faster or higher
remembers such
weight
it was released in quantities not
seen and unheard of in order
of time
he was proud of the military
country leaders of the Soviets
and correspondingly
metal vaccine
bomber tp 1
according to the test results it becomes
it is clear that nb 1
vastly superior currency 1
now the Soviet side does not see
no point in giving yourself a concession
company in the union
zvarych
it would be unfair to attribute
sleight of hand cinema
leek in the beginning of the project
by myself
ore talents enthusiastic soviet
engineers
and in the end
the winners are not judged
one of the guns the first copy of the aircraft
for a long time was in proud
alone
on approval of the type of weapons brand
engine power and the main organization
mass production
left almost 3
whatever first
chase only get evidence
in 1929
on the plane amounted to 2 9 or m17 Soviet
variant of the German aircraft engine would
are happy
with take-off weight and seven and a half tons
the car lifted from 1200 kilograms
bomb loads
had a speed of up to two hundred kilometers in
hour
ceiling and up to four thousand meters
range of flight
up to one thousand three hundred kilometers
defensive weapons 3
machine gun tour
hijackers celebrated simple zelenka
good stability
db first
was the best heavy
bombers
his equal
all other countries have not built cars yet
of this class all the more
in bulk quantities
three years of mass production since 1929
30 second
Soviet industry
released 216 cars
they were in service until 1936 by
gate
in sk when changing airplanes gb 1 tb
started a heavy brigade
bomber aviation 50 cars each
so in the Soviet Union began to incarnate
in the life of the general doctrine blowing
connection arrival first applied at
fighting during a conflict
on the Sino-Eastern Railway
the chef is 7529 years old
not stood idle and 216 peter first
they are of course somewhat outdated as combat
units
and military forces and little by little
parted
but aeroflot decommissioned combat
I took the technique with pleasure
specially converted
curves first played a big role in
Arctic exploration
in the harsh conditions of the Arctic no
unpretentious cars showed themselves perfectly
demanded the first to glorify himself in 1930
fourth year when in heavy arctic
the ice was clamped steamer Chelyuskin
crew and passengers left sinking
ship and landed on the ice
cut off from the mainland they are
expected help
the whole country has caused a new watched
the fate of people in trouble
means lyapidevsky on the plane add and
did not make a workshop landing on
drifting ice and delivered
as a result of the plane